Adding Ports To Container Groups (#1930)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_group.html.markdown

* `server` - (Required) The address to use to connect to the registry without protocol ("https"/"http"). For example: "myacr.acr.io"

The `ports` block supports:

* `port` - (Required) The port number the container will expose.

> * `protocol` - (Optional) The network protocol ("tcp"/"udp") the port will use.

Reviewer: We should specify what the default is:
```suggestion
* `protocol` - (Optional) The network protocol associated with port. Possible values are  `TCP`, `UDP` and the default is `TCP`. 
```
